# Campaign Management Overview

**Doc ID**: 1739318962329602
**Source**: https://business-api.tiktok.com/gateway/docs/index?identify_key=c0138ffadd90a955c1f0670a56fe348d1d40680b3c89461e09f78ed26785164b&language=ENGLISH&doc_id=1739318962329602

---

Ad Comments
- Blocked Words Ad Diagnosis Ad Groups Ad Review Audience Authentication Automated Rules BC Management BC Payments BC Payment Portfolios BC Assets BC Asset Groups BC Billing Groups BC Partners BC Members BC Invoices BC Reporting Brand Safety Business Messaging Campaign Get campaigns Create a campaign Update a campaign Update the operation statuses of campaigns Get the quota for a SKAN Dedicated Campaign per ad network Create an asynchronous campaign copy task Get the results of an asynchronous campaign copy task (Deprecated) Get the quota for an iOS 14 Dedicated Campaign Catalog Management Catalog Event Sources Catalog Feeds Catalog Products Catalog Product Sets Catalog Videos Catalog Video Templates Catalog Diagnostics Catalog Insights Change Log Creative Portfolios Creative Reports Creative Tools Custom Conversions Discovery (Deprecated) Dynamic Scene Events 2.0 Events 1.0 Files GMV Max Identity Images Leads Media Mix Modeling Mentions Music Negative Keywords Page Before you start Comparing v1.2 and v1.3 Request Example Response Access-Token Required string Authorized access token. For details, see Content-Type Request message type Allowed format: application/json Parameters Field Data Type Description advertiser_id Advertiser ID. objective_type Advertising objective. For enum values and descriptions, see Objectives app_promotion_type Conditional Required when is APP_PROMOTION App promotion type. Enum values: APP_INSTALL : App install. Get new users to install your app. APP_RETARGETING : App retargeting. Re-engage existing users to take action in your app. APP_PREREGISTRATION : App pre-registration. Get new users to pre-register before your app launches. To learn about how to create App Pre-registration ads, refer to here Note can be used in an iOS14 Dedicated Campaign, while and cannot be used. App Pre-Registration is currently an allowlist-only feature. If you would like to access it, please contact your TikTok representative. virtual_objective_type The new objective type. Enum value: SALES Use this field to create a campaign with the Sales objective, the combined objective for Website Conversions and Product Sales objectives. Learn more about the Sales objective sales_destination Required and valid only when is specified. Sales destination, the destination where you want to drive your sales. TIKTOK_SHOP : TikTok Shop. Drive sales on your TikTok Shop. WEBSITE : Website. Drive sales on your website. APP : App. Drive sales on your app (product catalog required). WEB_AND_APP : Website and app. Drive sales on both your website and your app. To learn about how to create ads with this setting, see Create ads with Website and App Optimization : Creating ads with Website and App Optimization (with set to ) is currently an allowlist-only feature. If you would like to access it, please contact your TikTok representative. is_search_campaign boolean Whether to create a Search Ads Campaign. With Search Ads Campaigns, you can select keywords and serve ads within TikTok's search result page. To learn more about how to create such campaigns, see Create Search Ads Campaigns Supported values: true false Search Ads Campaigns are currently an allowlist-only feature. If you would like to access it, please contact your TikTok representative. Once set, this field cannot be updated. campaign_type Campaign type. Enums values: REGULAR_CAMPAIGN IOS14_CAMPAIGN The value supports the advertising objectives of PRODUCT_SALES ( its ) . If is specified as or can only be set to For iOS Dedicated Campaigns with other objectives, set as To learn more about Dedicated Campaigns, see Dedicated Campaign app_id Required when the campaign is an iOS 14 Dedicated Campaign ( camapign_type ) with the advertising objective ( ) as , or ). The Application ID of the promoted app. You can get by using the /app/list/ endpoint. : You cannot specify an App that has not activated the SAN module on your MMP through this field to create iOS Dedicated Campaigns. To ensure that TikTok SAN integration is enabled for your App, see How to transition to SAN for existing apps How to integrate to SAN for new apps is_advanced_dedicated_campaign Whether the campaign is an Advanced Dedicated Campaign. Advanced Dedicated Campaigns leverage advanced delivery models that benefit from real-time signals. Default value: To learn about how to create such campaigns, see Create Advanced Dedicated Campaigns : Once set, this field cannot be updated. disable_skan_campaign Valid only when the following conditions are all met: is set to the ID of an iOS app that is eligible for Advanced Dedicated Campaigns . To confirm whether an app is eligible for Advanced Dedicated Campaigns, use and check the returned advanced_dedicated_campaign_allowed Whether to disable SKAN (SKAdNetwork) attribution, Apple's conversion attribution solution for iOS campaigns : To disable SKAN attribution. The campaign will not be bound by Dedicated Campaign quota limits and you will be able to retrieve Self Attribution Network (SAN) metrics for the campaign. However, you cannot retrieve SKAN reporting metrics for the campaign. Learn more about SAN integration For a Dedicated Campaign using an app that is eligible for Advanced Dedicated Campaigns, you need to enable SKAN attribution or Advanced Dedicated Campaign or both. You cannot disable SKAN attribution and Advanced Dedicated Campaign simultaneously. : To enable SKAN attribution. The campaign will be bound by SKAN metrics for the campaign. If you enable Advanced Dedicated Campaign by setting to simultaneously, you'll be able to retrieve both SAN Disabling SKAN attribution for Dedicated Campaigns is currently an allowlist-only feature. If you would like to access it, please contact your TikTok representative. If you are allowlisted for disabling SKAN attribution for Dedicated Campaigns, you cannot set bid_type BID_TYPE_CUSTOM at the ad group level when the following conditions are all met: At the campaign level: At the ad group level: optimization_goal INSTALL IN_APP_EVENT Getting access to Advanced Dedicated Campaign requires the app to meet certain criteria. If your app is ineligible for Advanced Dedicated Campaign, reach out to your TikTok representative. Your TikTok representative will be able to provide troubleshooting support to help your app get access to Advanced Dedicated Campaign. campaign_app_profile_page_state Whether to use app profile page to optimize delivery. ON OFF You can use the field only when and your campaign is an iOS14 Dedicated Campaign. Otherwise, an error will occur. rf_campaign_type When RF_REACH , use this field to set the campaign as a TikTok Pulse campaign, then you can get available premium contextual tags. Do not pass in this field when is not specified as STANDARD (Reach & Frequency campaign), PULSE (TikTok Pulse campaign). This is an allowlist-only feature. If you would like to access it, please contact your TikTok representative. This field cannot be updated after creation. If you select , then you must enter contextual tags of PREMIUM type in the contextual_tag_ids field in /adgroup/rf/create/ . In this case, the CPM in your ad group is fixed. If you set , then the targeting locations cannot be updated in /adgroup/rf/update/ , then feed_type cannot be TOP_FEED in
