# Ad Group - Create

**Doc ID**: 1739499616346114
**Source**: https://business-api.tiktok.com/gateway/docs/index?identify_key=c0138ffadd90a955c1f0670a56fe348d1d40680b3c89461e09f78ed26785164b&language=ENGLISH&doc_id=1739499616346114

---

Ad Comments
- Blocked Words Ad Diagnosis Ad Groups Get ad groups Get the dynamic quota on active ad groups Estimate audience size Create an ad group Update an ad group Update the statuses of ad groups Update the budgets of ad groups Ad Review Audience Authentication Automated Rules BC Management BC Payments BC Payment Portfolios BC Assets BC Asset Groups BC Billing Groups BC Partners BC Members BC Invoices BC Reporting Brand Safety Business Messaging Campaign Catalog Management Catalog Event Sources Catalog Feeds Catalog Products Catalog Product Sets Catalog Videos Catalog Video Templates Catalog Diagnostics Catalog Insights Change Log Creative Portfolios Creative Reports Creative Tools Custom Conversions Discovery (Deprecated) Dynamic Scene Events 2.0 Events 1.0 Files GMV Max Identity Images Leads Media Mix Modeling Mentions Music Negative Keywords Page Pangle Ad groups for iOS 14 Dedicated Campaigns Comparing v1.2 and v1.3 Request Corresponding billing event for an optimization goal Example Response automated_targeting : string auto_targeting_enabled : boolean New request parameters shopping_ads_type product_source contextual_tag_ids purchase_intention_keyword_ids spending_power request_id share_disabled promotion_target_type zipcode_ids isp_ids category_exclusion_ids vertical_sensitivity_id search_result_enabled click_attribution_window view_attribution_window attribution_event_count shopping_ads_retargeting_custom_audience_relation saved_audience_id smart_audience_enabled smart_interest_behavior_enabled engaged_view_attribution_window vbo_window tiktok_subplacements messaging_app_type messaging_app_account_id phone_region_code phone_region_calling_code phone_number message_event_set_id deep_funnel_optimization_status deep_funnel_event_source deep_funnel_event_source_id deep_funnel_optimization_event search_keywords automated_keywords_enabled app_config custom_conversion_id is_lhf_compliance Request parameters deprecated in v1.3 cpv_video_duration carriers Enum values deprecated in v1.3 VIDEO_VIEW deprecated in the optimization_goal field CPMV bid_display_mode Response parameter We now return the full info of ad entity in v1.3. For details, see the Response section in this page. Response parameter data type adgroup_id : number Endpoint https://business-api.tiktok.com/open_api/v1.3/adgroup/create/ Method POST Header Field Data Type Description Access-Token Required string Authorized access token. For details, see Content-Type Request message type Allowed format: "application/json" Parameters advertiser_id Advertiser ID. campaign_id The ID of the campaign that the ad group belongs to. adgroup_name Ad group name. Length limit: 512 characters and cannot contain emoji. Request ID with which you can create ad groups with duplicate names. To create ad groups with duplicate names, send two requests for creating ad groups with the same and different It also supports idempotency to prevent you from sending the same request twice within 10 seconds.  If you retry requests with the same request ID multiple times within 10 seconds, then only one will succeed. It is different from the returned in the response parameters, which is used to uniquely identify an HTTP request. The value should be a string representation of a 64-bit integer number. Example: 123456789 Conditional Required and valid only when objective_type is PRODUCT_SALES Shopping ads type. Enum values: VIDEO : Video Shopping Ads. LIVE : Live Shopping Ads. PRODUCT_SHOPPING_ADS : Product Shopping Ads. To find out the introduction to different Shopping Ads types and the steps of creating Video Shopping Ads Live Shopping Ads , and Product Shopping Ads , see Create Shopping Ads identity_id and SHOWCASE or Identity ID. identity_type Identity type. AUTH_CODE (Authorized Post User), TT_USER (TikTok Business Account User), BC_AUTH_TT (The TikTok account that a Business Center is authorized to access). See Identities for details. identity_authorized_bc_id Required when ID of the Business Center that a TikTok Account User in Business Center identity is associated with. Required only for Video Shopping Ads and Product Shopping Ads. Product source where you want to get products for promotion. UNSET CATALOG (Catalog) , STORE (TikTok Shop), (TikTok Showcase). For Video Shopping Ads: The product source setting at the campaign level via campaign_product_source determines the product source available at the ad group level: If is set to at the campaign level, you can only set this field to is not set at the campaign level, and you have at least one historical ad group with set as and one with under the same campaign, you cannot create new ad groups under the campaign. The product sources of ad groups under the same campaign should be only, or a combination of only, or only, or both ). For Product Shopping Ads, set this field to catalog_id When , this field is required. , the parameters catalog_authorized_bc_id store_id store_authorized_bc_id are optional. If you specify a TikTok Shop through these parameters for your Live Shopping Ads, sales of products belonging to the TikTok Shop will be reported. If you don't specify a TikTok Shop, sales of products showcased in the TikTok account ( ) will be reported. Catalog ID. , set this field to the catalog that you want to promote products from. , set this field to the catalog bound to the TikTok Shop that you want to promote products from. You can use /store/list/ to get the for available stores under an ad account. Note : Starting June 30th, 2024, when , you will no longer need to pass because it will be ignored.
