# Ad - Create

**Doc ID**: 1739953377508354
**Source**: https://business-api.tiktok.com/gateway/docs/index?identify_key=c0138ffadd90a955c1f0670a56fe348d1d40680b3c89461e09f78ed26785164b&language=ENGLISH&doc_id=1739953377508354

---

Update the statuses of ads Ad Accounts Ad Comments Ad Comments
- Blocked Words Ad Diagnosis Ad Groups Ad Review Audience Authentication Automated Rules BC Management BC Payments BC Payment Portfolios BC Assets BC Asset Groups BC Billing Groups BC Partners BC Members BC Invoices BC Reporting Brand Safety Business Messaging Campaign Catalog Management Catalog Event Sources Catalog Feeds Catalog Products Catalog Product Sets Catalog Videos Catalog Video Templates Catalog Diagnostics Catalog Insights Change Log Creative Portfolios Creative Reports Creative Tools Custom Conversions Discovery (Deprecated) Dynamic Scene Events 2.0 Events 1.0 Files GMV Max Identity Images Leads Media Mix Modeling Mentions Music Negative Keywords Page Pangle Playable Ads Reach & Frequency Reporting Before you start Comparing v1.2 and v1.3 Request Example Response tracking_message_event_set_id auto_message_id end_card_cta product_display_field_list vehicle_ids auto_disclaimer_types ad_texts creative_auto_enhancement_strategy_list Other changes in Request identity_type and identity_id are now required Response parameter We now return the full info of ad entity in v1.3. For details, see the section in this page. Response parameter data type ad_ids : number[] : string[] Endpoint https://business-api.tiktok.com/open_api/v1.3/ad/create/ Method POST Header Field Data Type Description Access-Token Required string Authorized access token. For details, see Content-Type Request message type Allowed format: "application/json" Parameters advertiser_id Advertiser ID. adgroup_id Ad group ID. creatives object[] Advertising creatives. Max size: 20. Within an ad group, you can create a maximum of 20 ads in a single request. If you want to create additional ads within the same ad group, you need to make multiple calls to /ad/create/ ad_name Ad name. To make the ad name automatically generated, set this field to "" (empty string). The format of the auto-generated ad name is ad ID ( ad_id ). Length limit: 512 and cannot contain emojis. Note : Each word in Chinese or Japanese counts as two characters, while each letter in English counts as one character. Identity type. Enum values: CUSTOMIZED_USER AUTH_CODE TT_USER BC_AUTH_TT For details about identities, see Identities Identity ID. If you are not using Spark Ads, ) can be used for better management of ads information. identity_authorized_bc_id Conditional Required when is ID of the Business Center that a TikTok Account User in Business Center identity is associated with. catalog_id Product catalog ID. Required for Shopping Ads with product source as catalog. Products whose links are shown in the ad are from this catalog. : Starting June 30th, 2024, when product_source at the ad group level is STORE , you will no longer need to pass this field because it will be ignored. product_specific_type Required only in any of the following scenarios: shopping_ads_type VIDEO CATALOG PRODUCT_SHOPPING_ADS Different dimensions to choose products. ALL : Allow TikTok to dynamically choose from all products. PRODUCT_SET : Specify a product set. TikTok will dynamically choose products from this set. CUSTOMIZED_PRODUCTS : Specify a customized number of products. When , you can set this field to , or If this field is set to , you don't need to input sku_ids item_group_ids product_set_id , you need to pass in either or is required. , specify the products directly through SHOWCASE showcase_products LIVE , you don't need to specify the products. string[] If , and , this field is required. Product SPU IDs. Max size: 20 when 50 when is set to The ID of the product set. IDs of the SKUs. Required when the following conditions are met: At the campaign level: objective_type LEAD_GENERATION catalog_enabled true At the ad group level: An Auto-Inventory or Auto-Model catalog is specified through At the ad level: IDs of vehicles. Required when you set as at the ad group level. See Create Video Shopping Ads with products from Showcase to learn more. The list of Showcase products that you want to use in your ad. Max size: 20. You can get the available Showcase products via /showcase/product/get/ item_group_id SPU ID of the product. store_id The ID of the store that the product ( ) belongs to. Note that the only supported store type is TikTok Shop. The ID of the catalog that the product ( , you will no longer need to pass this field because it will be ignored.
