# Video Upload API

**Doc ID**: 1737587322856449
**Source**: https://business-api.tiktok.com/gateway/docs/index?identify_key=c0138ffadd90a955c1f0670a56fe348d1d40680b3c89461e09f78ed26785164b&language=ENGLISH&doc_id=1737587322856449

---

Ad Comments
- Blocked Words Ad Diagnosis Ad Groups Ad Review Audience Authentication Automated Rules BC Management BC Payments BC Payment Portfolios BC Assets BC Asset Groups BC Billing Groups BC Partners BC Members BC Invoices BC Reporting Brand Safety Business Messaging Campaign Catalog Management Catalog Event Sources Catalog Feeds Catalog Products Catalog Product Sets Catalog Videos Catalog Video Templates Catalog Diagnostics Catalog Insights Change Log Creative Portfolios Creative Reports Creative Tools Custom Conversions Discovery (Deprecated) Dynamic Scene Events 2.0 Events 1.0 Files GMV Max Identity Images Leads Media Mix Modeling Mentions Music Negative Keywords Page Pangle Playable Ads Reach & Frequency Reporting Showcase Smart Creative (To be deprecated) Legacy Smart+ Upgraded Smart+ Before you start Comparing v1.2 and v1.3 Request Example Upload by file with Smart Fix enabled Upload by file with Smart Fix disabled Upload by URL with Smart Fix enabled Response Upload by file with Smart Fix enabled and issue detected Upload by URL with Smart Fix enabled and issue detected file_name string If you upload a local file, the default name will be the original file name. If you provide a URL, the default name will be the filename portion of the URL path. If the original file name or the filename portion of the URL path exceeds 100 characters, it will be truncated to use only the first 100 characters. When Smart Fix is enabled ( flaw_detect and auto_fix_enabled are set to true ): The default name will be either the original file name (for a local file) or the filename portion of the URL path (for a URL). If you specify a custom video name via , the value will be the name of the fixed video. Note : Videos under the same advertiser_id cannot have duplicated file names. You can call /file/name/check/ to check whether the file name has been used. If you get an error about duplicated file names, please rename the files or append timestamps to the original file names (for example, in the format of , and upload the videos again. upload_type Video upload method. Default value: UPLOAD_BY_FILE Enum values: UPLOAD_BY_URL UPLOAD_BY_FILE_ID UPLOAD_BY_VIDEO_ID : If you set this field to or , a new video ID ( video_id ) will be returned. If you upload the same video multiple times using any of these three methods, you'll obtain a new video ID for each upload. video_file Conditional file Required when is Video file. Recommended settings： (1) File size：500 MB limit (2) ratio：9:16, 16:9, and 1:1. (3) Format：.mp4, .mov, .mpeg, .avi. Example: 'video_file=@"/Users/admin/Downloads/sample-mov-file.mov"' : Before uploading, make sure that the file is playable and in a supported format video_signature Video MD5 (used for server verification). video_url Video URL address, such as http://xxx.xxx. (1) File size: better within 10MB. (2) Verification: We will verify Content-Type in the response header. A common invalid media type is text ( = text/*, such as text/html, text/plain). Also, we will verify the data if you set a Content-MD5 in the response header. (3) Encoding: The URL needs to be a valid URL in the browser. For instance, the spaces in the URL need to be encoded into %20 . You can copy and paste the URL into a browser address bar, then the URL will be automatically encoded. (4) Others: ratio, format, resolution and bitrate limitation is the same as : Before uploading, make sure that the video URL is . If the URL is invalid or in an unsupported format (i.e. txt.), you may see an error message or obtain an invalid video ID that cannot be used for ad creation. file_id The of the file that you want to upload. This field is for files that are uploaded to the file repository. You can get via the Upload Files endpoints. Video ID. : You should pass in the of the videos created on TikTok Ads Manager or through API . If you pass in the value from other sources, you may see an error message or cannot use the uploaded video for ad creation. You can obtain in the response of the /file/video/ad/upload/ endpoint or by using the /file/video/ad/search/ endpoint. is_third_party boolean The video is third party or not. Whether to automatically detect an issue in your video. false Whether to automatically fix the detected issue. Default value : If an issue is detected in your video: When is set to , we'll return an error message with flaw types indicated. , we'll automatically fix the LOW_RESOLUTION ILLEGAL_VIDEO_SIZE issues  and return fix_task_id flaw_types When a issue is detected, the video is automatically enhanced to a standard resolution of 1280x720 pixels, also referred to as 720p. When an issue is detected, the video is automatically adjusted to one of the standard aspect ratios: 1:1 (square), 9:16 (vertical), or 16:9 (horizontal). auto_bind_enabled Valid only when Whether to automatically upload the fixed video to your creative library. curl --location --request POST 'https://business-api.tiktok.com/open_api/v1.3/file/video/ad/upload/' \
--header 'Access-Token: {{Access-Token}}' \
--form 'advertiser_id="{{advertiser_id}}"' \
--form 'file_name="{{file_name}}"' \
--form 'upload_type="UPLOAD_BY_FILE"' \
--form 'video_file=@"/Desktop/Example.mp4"' \
--form 'video_signature="{{video_signature}}"' \
--form 'flaw_detect="true"' \
--form 'auto_fix_enabled="true"' \
--form 'auto_bind_enabled="true"' curl --location --request POST 'https://business-api.tiktok.com/open_api/v1.3/file/video/ad/upload/' \
--form 'video_signature="{{video_signature}}"' curl --location  --request POST 'https://business-api.tiktok.com/open_api/v1.3/file/video/ad/upload/' \
--data '{ "advertiser_id":"{{advertiser_id}}", "file_name":"{{file_name}}", "upload_type":"UPLOAD_BY_URL", "video_url":"{{video_url}}", "flaw_detect":true, "auto_fix_enabled":true, "auto_bind_enabled":true }' Field Data Type Description code number Response code. For the complete list of response codes and descriptions, see Appendix
- Return Codes message Response message. For details, see request_id The log id of a request, which uniquely identifies the request. data object[] Returned data. For compatibility reasons, an array, instead of an object, is returned, and the array contains only one object. : Due to the latency between client and server, it is possible that only is returned. In this case, you can wait for 30 seconds to five minutes and use the endpoint to retrieve other data. Temporary URL for video cover, valid for six hours and needs to be re-acquired after expiration.
