# TikTok Store Overview

**Doc ID**: 1739381752981505
**Source**: https://business-api.tiktok.com/gateway/docs/index?identify_key=c0138ffadd90a955c1f0670a56fe348d1d40680b3c89461e09f78ed26785164b&language=ENGLISH&doc_id=1739381752981505

---

Mapping between campaign features in TikTok Ads Manager and API configurations Campaign Ad group Create an ad group Placements Targeting Brand safety Conversion events Bidding Attribution window and event count Supported secondary statuses for a primary status Estimated Delivery Results Ad FAQs API reference Audience Management Reporting Ad Measurement Organic API Business Messaging API API Reference API Playground API Service Status Page SDK Appendix Supported advertising objectives Supported market Pre-bid brand safety filtering Eligibility for updating pre-bid brand safety filtering settings Post-bid measurement Category Exclusion Vertical Sensitivity Brand Safety Hub Post-bid third-party brand safety measurement DoubleVerify Chile Colombia Costa Rica Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Finland France Germany Guatemala Indonesia Ireland Italy Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Norway Panama Peru Poland Portugal Singapore South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom United States Uruguay Post-bid third-party viewability measurement Moat All markets IAS Based on the ad delivery stage, brand safety products are divided into two groups: pre-bid filtering solutions and post-bid measurement solutions. Pre-bid Brand Safety filtering solutions refer to the first party or third-party solutions that place ads with safe and suitable content within the TikTok For You feed. Note Pre-bid first-party Brand Safety filtering for App Promotion ( APP_PROMOTION ), Website Conversions ( WEB_CONVERSIONS ), Traffic ( TRAFFIC ), Leads Generation ( LEAD_GENERATION ) and Product sales ( PRODUCT_SALES ) objectives in Auction ads are currently an allowlist-only feature. If you would like to access it, please contact your TikTok representative. Pre-bid third-party Brand Safety solutions are currently an allowlist-only feature. If you would like to access it, please contact your TikTok representative. Only when placements is ["PLACEMENT_TIKTOK"] at the ad group level, can you use the pre-bid Brand Safety filtering solutions. The placement for Reach & Frequency ad groups is TikTok by default and doesn't need to be set. You can use the following parameters to configure brand safety settings when you create an Auction ad group via /adgroup/create/ or an R&F ad group via /adgroup/rf/create/ . For R&F ad groups, you can specify the brand_safety_type field in /rf/inventory/estimate/ to estimate the inventory. If you use THIRD_PARTY , you do not need to specify the brand safety partner, because this is only for estimation purposes. : Brand safety type. Once specified, this field cannot be updated. To get the countries and regions that your ads can be deployed to based on your brand safety settings, use the /tool/region/ endpoint. You need to pass in the field. : Use a third-party brand safety solution. You also need to pass in a value to the brand_safety_partner field. This option is valid only if the targeting region is supported by a particular third party. If this option is used, you need to pass in the supported locations to the location_ids LIMITED_INVENTORY : Use TikTok's brand safety solution. This solution corresponds to the Limited Inventory option on TikTok Ads Manager, and with this solution, your ads will appear next to content that doesn't contain mature themes. STANDARD_INVENTORY :  Use TikTok's brand safety solution. This solution corresponds to the Standard Inventory option on TikTok Ads Manager, and with this solution, your ads will appear next to content that is appropriate for most brands. EXPANDED_INVENTORY : Use TikTok's brand safety solution. This solution corresponds to the Expanded Inventory option on TikTok Ads Manager, and with this solution, your ads will appear next to content where most inappropriate content has been removed, and  that does not contain mature themes. In the next API version, will replace NO_BRAND_SAFETY and will be the default brand safety option. (to be deprecated in the next API version) : It is the default value for . To not use any brand safety solution. This solution corresponds to the Full Inventory option on TikTok Ads Manager, and with this solution, your ads might appear next to some content featuring mature themes. : Brand safety partner. Available only when .  Once specified, this field cannot be updated. Different partners are supported for different countries. Please see the supported markets list above. Eligibility for updating pre-bid brand safety filtering settings The of an ad group can only be updated when any of the following conditions is met: schedule_start_time of the ad group has not been reached. of the ad group has been reached, but the operation_status DISABLE and the cost is 0. To retrieve the and of an ad group, use /adgroup/get/ Updating Brand Safety settings, including category_exclusion_ids , and vertical_sensitivity_id , is currently an allowlist-only feature. If you would like to access it, please contact your TikTok representative. Once the eligibility for update is met, you can make the following allowed updates for by using /adgroup/update/ or /adgroup/rf/update/ Original value Can it be updated? Allowed new values Post-bid measurement solutions refer to the third-party solutions for Brand Safety and Viewability measurement after ads have been delivered. Post-bid third-party measurement (including post-bid third-party brand safety measurement and post-bid third-party viewability measurement) is currently an allowlist-only feature. If you would like to access it, please contact your TikTok representative. Post-bid third-party measurement is not supported for ACO ads. Post-bid third-party measurement is not supported for ad groups where promotion_type is set as LIVE_SHOPPING To enable post-bid third-party measurement, you need to specify brand_safety_postbid_partner viewability_postbid_partner or both when you create an ad via /ad/create/ . Once specified, these two fields cannot be updated. The pre-bid Brand Safety filtering setting at the ad group level will determine whether you can use both types of post-bid third-party measurement: If you have specified as at the ad group level, you can only pass in , but not at the ad level. as a value other than at the ad group level, you can pass in both When you want to enable both post-bid third-party brand safety measurement and post-bid third-party viewability measurement by passing in both , note: If you set either of these two fields as , you need to specify both as , and assign the same value (the wrapped VAST URL that you obtain from the measurement partner IAS) to brand_safety_vast_url viewability_vast_url If you set two different post-bid third-party measurement partners, only the post-bid third-party brand safety measurement setting will become valid. Category Exclusion allows you to specify the types of content that you want to avoid showing your ads next to. You can use /tool/content_exclusion/get/ to get the available content exclusion categories. To enable Category Exclusion, the following conditions should be met and you need to specify when you create an ad group via At the campaign level: objective_type REACH VIDEO_VIEWS ENGAGEMENT RF_REACH , or At the ad group level: is set to Vertical Sensitivity allows you to select the vertical types that you want to avoid showing your ads next to. You can use to get the available vertical sensitivity categories. To enable Vertical Sensitivity, the following conditions should be met and you need to specify With Brand Safety Hub, you can define the default ad account-level first-party brand safety settings, including TikTok Inventory Filter and Suitability Controls such as Category Exclusion and Vertical Sensitivity. Once configured, these settings will automatically apply to your future Smart+ Campaigns but will not apply to future regular campaigns created using /campaign/create/ To retrieve the current Brand Safety Hub settings of your ad account, use /tiktok_inventory_filters/get/
