# Report Metrics & Dimensions

**Doc ID**: 1738864928947201
**Source**: https://business-api.tiktok.com/gateway/docs/index?identify_key=c0138ffadd90a955c1f0670a56fe348d1d40680b3c89461e09f78ed26785164b&language=ENGLISH&doc_id=1738864928947201

---

Synchronous  and asynchronous reports Report types Basic reports Audience reports Supported dimensions Supported metrics Supported filters Playable ad reports DSA reports (Deprecated) Reservation ad reports Business Center reports GMV max ads reports Best practices to reduce timeouts in synchronous reports Data latency for reports Reporting performance improvements FAQs Reporting Subscription API API reference Ad Measurement Organic API Business Messaging API API Reference API Playground API Service Status Page SDK Appendix Lifetime supports Use Cases Audience reports are a type of report from which you can get audience data, including age, gender, region, or interest. Notes The data in audience reports is not real-time data. There is 10-12 hours of processing latency for audience data. Running audience reports in CHUNK mode ( query_mode CHUNK ) is not supported. You can only run synchronous basic reports in CHUNK mode. We have optimized reporting performance for audience reports with the dimension of behavior_id via /report/integrated/get/ (without order_field and enable_total_metrics parameters). This optimization can increase the number of queried IDs to 2000. Please note that the first request may take a long time to generate responses. However, subsequent requests with the same query parameters but different page numbers can be returned quickly. Currently, this optimization is currently an allowlist-only feature. If you would like to access it, please contact your TikTok representative. Once you are on the allowlist, there is no need to add a new request parameter, as we will automatically enable it in the downstream. See here for supported dimensions of audience reports. for supported metrics of audience reports. for supported filters of audience reports. Lifetime metrics for audience reports are not available in v1.3. 1. Query the overall age distribution of the audience within a period of time, sorted in ascending order of spend. Request Parameters: "advertiser_id" 66 "service_type" "AUCTION" "report_type" "AUDIENCE" "data_level" "AUCTION_ADVERTISER" "dimensions" : [ "age" ], "metrics" "spend" "impressions" "order_field" "order_type" "ASC" "start_date" "2020-10-16" "end_date" "2020-10-17" "page" "page_size" 100 2. Query the region distribution of all undeleted ad groups under certain campaigns over a period of time. "AUCTION_ADGROUP" "country_code" "adgroup_id" "filtering" "field_name" "campaign_ids" "filter_type" "IN" "filter_value" "[1678604630215698,1678604630215698]" }, "adgroup_status" "[\"STATUS_NOT_DELETE\"]"
